Scope
Recommender systems became an independent research area in the mid 90’s. and have attracted multiple disciplines
such as mathematics ,physics and computer science. The increasing popularity of social media has greatly enriched
people’s social life. Real life applications like product recommender in amazon , movie recommender in Netflix
and amazon prime, twitter, facebook, linkedin etc.
1.Work on several numbers of data:
The number of choices for anything on internet is very high and it’s too long to refine most wanted data by self while searching. 
The scope of this proposal system includes working within numerous data, with ease.

2.Saving of time:
Many people have problem selecting the alternative item of movie due to lack of time and due to search issues. 
Also movie recommendations from friends can be time consuming. The system helps in saving lots of time.

3.Relief from processor problem:
Many mobile phone and limited processing power computers can’t handle recommender system due to its extremely large dataset. 
The solution opted for this can be use of web services. The proposed system uses web services, thus makes process simpler.

Target
The target of our proposed system is to recommend appropriate movies to the users according to the ratings of the other users provided. 
This needs consistent updates in the database. The target requires colloborative filtering task.

[K-means is one of the simplest unsupervised learning algorithms that solve the well-a set through a certain number of clusters.
 The goal of this algorithm is to find groups work of data, with the number of groups represented by the variable K. 
The algorithm works iteratively to assign each data point to one of groups based on the features that are provided.

Thus the goal of our system is to implement K-means clustering algorithm for sensible movie recommendations to newly and previously registered users, 
intake of the reviews (ratings and comments) from each user and updating the database or the cluster each time a review is taken.]
  



replace the above k-means description with colloborative filtering introduction
